How to test only one package (#215)
tasitlabs/TasitSDK: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

Some other projects keep all their tests in one big test directory, but we find that it's harder to visually confirm if all files are tested that way.

If you want to test only the package that you are working on, run `npm pretest` from `TasitSDK` folder and then run `npm test` from the package's folder.

> The `pretest` script will starts `ganache-cli` and deploys contracts from `tasit-contract`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pretest` script will start `ganache-cli` and deploy contracts from `tasit-contract`.
```
